so since the product no longer produce three
new English gardens
comfort and at the meeting
we will talk about palm kernel
remaining
a luxury product found in fact
own faith or exhausted a way for them
patricia gas this summer for the bossat little everywhere in the thickets
today, fortunately, we have farmers
a little more serious than they do
to hit a real meeting of a palm kernel culture
and we can cut his parents without any problem
because when we compare barbarous planted
in the process
four or five or six others to be able to use the practice lies
at the throne room the start of flights on the palm kernel's lawn
and percent once we have a little palm kernel rumor so too
not really very ecological unless we really bother to replant
and use it as a meeting point enters a culture
reasoned products
when we compare we learn that at least five years
to launch a miracle product to his dear ones we study during the holidays
but that does not get him his heavy palm kernel gold like today and for the
need at this small point of the site
it costs around 10 6 7 euros astonished coin means between 8 and 10
000 euros 15 and 20 euros
gasquet has very tedious your it is necessary to remove the debris from the wreck is
encompassed in the dark
they are on a flop on the choice of palm kernel
so we pay more attention
the department put in because pedestrians who are treated more
in the courtroom and dangerous
to fill the stand up on a board
I just listen
being parents want could be reached
a big kitchen knife
in the country as and when
wrapped them rather the broken temple
until we get to the Indian white part
at the basket level
except that the pathfinder rescues quit
and we see passing the competition it is necessary that the knife because easily
if the goal post
it means it's not good
advance as people knife
by slightly pressing
they go easily dordogne go but it's their part kaufmann injury
we divided time
then we will start in life by cutting the palm kernel
from more generally hard the yard for the road he proposes
craters
finally cavities
possibly if we used a lot the product not of his father
michael
particularity of this vegetable
of this grown product
they are also very easily alas everyone puts his to try
to say how we are going to do so that he remains well skinned
I mean there is room sooner
today we drew two or three years the friend
he dipped in slightly salted water of immigrants we added
a little not enough flour to disturb the water
because we have proved to the site the palm kernel also when it is in the presence
oxygen in the presence of light
so we will disturb the lot
with that with flour and so it will prevent light
to cross the water
so here I say you should not cut it with the label quali calenco
cut
but of course with them
with demons today has a lot for these discounts understood that
the outcome of free races
to cut palm kernel
it's true counterweight had a lot of
leave with a view a blade that was developing doubt today trees
beyond stainless steel
while we find
each has his sharka technique
to motivate the table was the biggest since the beginning of the movement
in fact in preparation
and use it and then despite all their paris contact in the same wake
the part of pakistan
ap afp oxidized a little bit and that's not why the body will not be
best
it will not be good it will be even visually that may have it's a
little bit for the high level of taste and when it is necessary
we will start from paris
antoine comes out of the pork while chicken do of course a guy
many faults often repressed at the Palais des Sports de Paris
facing different functions
the difference today I think it's cold
I still specify that to make a choice deliberate deliberate
museum of the backdrop
we work for the occupants
often we think too
for as much in his life
difficult to decide
sign that tradition is distracting
with the help of the association artists are so climbing
if not the French anymore
writing will be finalized at 4 pm are part of our body
its enterprise solutions our other will take place for lorient of
differences
on the spot I look more
like what happens then we will add
we will give ourselves a little more victory
wild which is therefore from 2011 massive
we will let the audi are slightly aware
then we will add of course that of greece
busch agents have possibly only optional so beat a little point
agents of the anr
and the places that all mix together have succeeded
we will continue
continue adding tomato
crushed tomato why about 1 4 kilo of 800 grams a kilo of pork
we put two groups of beautiful tomatoes not much co2 this tariff is too much
for mater
we have to start at different intervals which contains a lot about
me
in case of tomato
for my four months for whom
sooner or later in the end we are given a mount thing
but we must believe that
lafuma trotro not seller
why will he have tournament equivalent
turmeric about half a ton was arrested
inks dubuit focused on the quality of turmeric
and still the same principle of paris volley viacom potter this tribute
aurora of mouila the cold
pour water up cadets heap and why
started afp after a mission
we will therefore be cooking
very slow we will see
why simmer calm
and we are going to attack the palm kernel really
in the end the palmist relying on me relatively quickly
to be able to count about 10 to 12 minutes of the powerful
for small pieces of palm kernel
so that it remains guaranteed and for them to be just rain
and that I'm still slightly crunchy and that will remain
whole in the preparation
dozen minutes thirteen minutes see if they are cut a little bigger
we will see later end
are you going to receive brest so is well visible well in china
when the only because there is good with him
so we make him the palm killer back in our backs
see take slightly shows that we see all the compartments
the procedure the purpose of the plan is ready
and the
why this avoid prolonging
party cooking
as soon as the meat is cooked
the palmist equity the public thing it takes almost more
stop cooking
and serve him
then with hiv
possibly chopped parsley from the south
and his companion very well
of course as tradition dictates from the stands
and we can the amateur company
so she possibly tomatoes
or other peppers
the chili brigade that goes very very well with also we can greet at his
simpler than we can we can use it
why not with tarbes albi vie
that's why I ask everything that happened